well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
tomorrow july 4th
independence day and we're going to talk
about a list
that i think you need to have handy for
tomorrow
because tomorrow will be like every
other independence day the president's
going to come out and talk about the
declaration of independence
at least the first paragraph and a half
of it
and then he'll stand in front of a
giant row of flags and talk about how
he's the ideological descendant of the
founders and he believes the same things
that they believed and
he's just trying to preserve what they
believed
see the thing is i'm a pretty good
student of history
and i don't know that the founders would
have agreed with him
i don't know that the founders would
even liked him
what we could do is come up with a list
a list that outlines some of his
positions and see how they match up with
the founders
i would suggest first we talk about his
inaction
that has left america open to internal
and external dangers you know
like him ignoring the bounties or him
doing nothing while everybody got sick
maybe talk about his anti-immigration
stance
talk about his issues with obstructing
justice
talk about his desire to make judges
dependent on his will
talk about sending swarms of officers
out to harass us
law and order cutting off trade through
tariffs exciting
domestic issues squabbles you know
because there are good people on both
sides
refusing to pass laws that are necessary
for the public good
while everybody got sick not allowing
governors to act on their own
you have to look no further than
desantis or
abbot to see that in action
maybe making the military superior to
civil authorities
send in the troops i don't think
they would have liked this platform i'm
certain they wouldn't
because in the declaration of
independence in that part that nobody
talks about
there's a list of all of the reasons
that our founders felt it necessary to
alter or abolish
the system of government that they had
and that's the list
in plain english not all of it but most
of it
lines up with trump almost to the letter
and there's more
that lines up with him too
just remember that tomorrow as he tries
to paint himself
as some patriot they wouldn't have liked
him
he is more akin to the king
than to those who signed the declaration
of independence
and they wrote it down and yeah for
those that are curious
being anti-immigration was one of the
reasons
that we separated because we wanted
immigration
this country was quite literally founded
on immigration it's in the founding
documents
when the streets filled with people
understand
those are the people who are the
ideological descendants
of the founders those attempting to
alter or abolish
a government that has become destructive
to the ends of preserving life liberty
and the pursuit of happiness
those are the patriots love it or leave
it
no declaration of independence says
you're wrong
you're supposed to fix it fix the door
anyway
tomorrow may be a good day or today read
the declaration of independence
especially that list of reasons
the long train of abuses
see if they don't line up to trump's
talking points
the things that he advocates are the
very reasons
for the american revolution
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day